[Java][OpenAI] Tool call convenience documentation (#24)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-java/foundation-models/openai/chat-completion.mdx

Boot's `ResponseBodyEmitter` to stream the chat completion delta messages to the frontend in real-time.

</details>

## Chat completion with tool calls

**Since v1.6.0**

> You can pass tool definitions to the model to enable tool calling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[You can pass tool definitions to the model to enable tool calling.](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling?api-mode=chat#overview)
```

Below is an example of a tool named `WeatherMethod`, which calculates a response based on the location and temperature unit provided.

```java

> var question = "What's the weather in Berlin in Celsius";
> 
> // create a function tool
> var schemaMap = generateSchema(WeatherMethod.Request.class);
> var function = new FunctionObject()
>   .name("weather")
>   .description("Get the weather for the given location")
>   .parameters(schemaMap);
> var tool = new ChatCompletionTool().type(FUNCTION).function(function);
> 
> var messages = new ArrayList<OpenAiMessage>();
> messages.add(OpenAiMessage.user("What's the weather in Berlin in Celsius"));
> 
> var request = new OpenAiChatCompletionRequest(messages).withTools(List.of(tool));
> var response = OpenAiClient.forModel(GPT_4O_MINI).chatCompletion(request); // initial request
> 
> var assistantMessage = response.getMessage();
> messages.add(assistantMessage);
> 
> var toolCall = response.getToolCalls().get(0);
> if (!(toolCall instanceof OpenAiFunctionCall functionCall)) {
> throw new IllegalArgumentException(
>     "Expected a function call, but got: %s".formatted(assistantMessage));
> }
> 
> var arguments = parseJson(functionCall.getArguments(), WeatherMethod.Request.class);
> var weatherMethod = new WeatherMethod().getCurrentWeather(arguments); // tool execution
> messages.add(OpenAiMessage.tool(weatherMethod.toString(), functionCall.getId()));
> 
> var finalResponse = OpenAiClient.forModel(GPT_4O_MINI).chatCompletion(request.withMessages(messages));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String question = "What's the weather in Berlin in Celsius";

// 1. Define the function
String question = "What's the weather in Berlin in Celsius";

// 1. Define the function
Map<String, Object> schemaMap = generateSchema(WeatherMethod.Request.class);
var function =
    new FunctionObject()
        .name("weather")
        .description("Get the weather for the given location")
        .parameters(schemaMap);
var tool = new ChatCompletionTool().type(FUNCTION).function(function);

var messages = new ArrayList<OpenAiMessage>();
messages.add(OpenAiMessage.user("What's the weather in Berlin in Celsius"));

var request = new OpenAiChatCompletionRequest(messages).withTools(List.of(tool));
// GPT will call the function
OpenAiChatCompletionResponse response =
    OpenAiClient.forModel(GPT_4O_MINI).chatCompletion(request);

// 2. (Optional) execute the function code
OpenAiAssistantMessage assistantMessage = response.getMessage();
messages.add(assistantMessage);

OpenAiToolCall toolCall = assistantMessage.toolCalls().get(0);
if (!(toolCall instanceof OpenAiFunctionCall functionCall)) {
  throw new IllegalArgumentException(
      "Expected a function call, but got: %s".formatted(assistantMessage));
}

WeatherMethod.Request arguments =
    parseJson(functionCall.getArguments(), WeatherMethod.Request.class);
WeatherMethod.Response weatherMethod =
    new WeatherMethod().getCurrentWeather(arguments); // tool execution
messages.add(OpenAiMessage.tool(weatherMethod.toString(), functionCall.getId()));

// send back the results, and the model will incorporate them into its final response.
OpenAiChatCompletionResponse finalResponse =
    OpenAiClient.forModel(GPT_4O_MINI).chatCompletion(request.withMessages(messages));
String content = finalResponse.getContent();
```
- Don't use var when we can't guess the type
- Please also add the definitions for `generateSchema` and `parseJson` below.
- Please incorporate the comments into the e2e test
